Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature. - Charles Dickens
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another. - Charles Dickens
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. - Thomas Edison
Hell, there are no rules here-- we're trying to accomplish something. - Thomas Edison
If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves. - Thomas Edison
Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration. - Thomas Edison
Train up a fig tree in the way it should go, and when you are old sit under the shade of it. - Charles Dickens
I do not know the American gentleman, god forgive me for putting two such words together. - Charles Dickens
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk. - Thomas Edison
If I find 10,000 ways something won't work, I haven't failed. I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward. - Thomas Edison
I never did a day's work in my life.  It was all fun. - Thomas Edison
Results! Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work. - Thomas Edison
Minds, like bodies, will often fall into a pimpled, ill-conditioned state from mere excess of comfort. - Charles Dickens
The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will interest her or his patients in the care of the human frame, in a proper diet, and in the cause and prevention of disease. - Thomas Edison
We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything. - Thomas Edison
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits. - Thomas Edison
Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some. - Charles Dickens
I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident - Thomas Edison
We need never be ashamed of our tears. - Charles Dickens
As a cure for worrying, work is better than whisky. - Thomas Edison
There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking. - Thomas Edison
Faith, as well intentioned as it may be, must be built on facts, not fiction--faith in fiction is a damnable false hope. - Thomas Edison
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. How on earth can you explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love? Put your hand on a stove for a minute and it seems like an hour. Sit with that special girl for an hour and it seems like a minute. That's relativity. - Albert Einstein
Perfection of means and confusion of ends seems to characterize our age. - Albert Einstein
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. - Albert Einstein
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former. - Albert Einstein
If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith. - Albert Einstein
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge. - Albert Einstein
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater. - Albert Einstein
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education. - Albert Einstein
Laws alone can not secure freedom of expression; in order that every man present his views without penalty there must be spirit of tolerance in the entire population. - Albert Einstein
Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions. - Albert Einstein
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough. - Albert Einstein
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish. - Albert Einstein
Ethical axioms are found and tested not very differently from the axioms of science. Truth is what stands the test of experience. - Albert Einstein
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor. - Albert Einstein
Imagination is more important than knowledge... - Albert Einstein
Every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life are based on the labors of other men, living and dead, and that I must exert myself in order to give in the same measure as I have received and am still receiving. - Albert Einstein
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind. - Albert Einstein
The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been Kindness, Beauty, and Truth. The trite subjects of human efforts, possessions, outward success, luxury have always seemed to me contemptible. - Albert Einstein
I never teach my pupils. I only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn. - Albert Einstein
Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking. - Albert Einstein
I don't look to jump over 7-foot bars; I look around for 1-foot bars that I can step over. - Warren Buffett
If you have a harem of 40 women, you never get to know any of them very well. - Warren Buffett
Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow. - Aesop
The smaller the mind the greater the conceit. - Aesop
Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in everything. - Aesop
Price is what you pay. Value is what you get. - Warren Buffett
Persuasion is often more effectual than force. - Aesop
Injuries may be forgiven, but not forgotten. - Aesop
The only time to buy these is on a day with no 'y' in it. - Warren Buffett
Most people get interested in stocks when everyone else is. The time to get interested is when no one else is. You can't buy what is popular and do well. - Warren Buffett
I won't close down a business of subnormal profitability merely to add a fraction of a point to our corporate returns. I also feel it inappropriate for even an exceptionally profitable company to fund an operation once it appears to have unending losses in prospect. Adam Smith would disagree with my first proposition and Karl Marx would disagree with my second; the middle ground is the only position that leaves me comfortable. - Warren Buffett
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield. - Warren Buffett
It's only when the tide goes out that you discover who's been swimming naked. - Warren Buffett
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance. - Aesop
It is with our passions, as it is with fire and water, they are good servants but bad masters. - Aesop
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own. - Aesop
I violated the Noah rule: Predicting rain doesn't count; building arks does. - Warren Buffett
Should a person do good, let him do it again and again. Let him find pleasure therein, for blissful is the accumulation of good. - The Buddha
'As I am, so are these. As are these, so am I.' Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill. - The Buddha
Purity and impurity depend on oneself; no one can purify another. - The Buddha
Ceasing to do evil, Cultivating the good, Purifying the heart: This is the teaching of the Buddhas. - The Buddha
It's a good thing to be satisfied with what one has. - The Buddha
If a man going down into a river, swollen and swiftly flowing, is carried away by the current — how can he help others across? – The Buddha - The Buddha
You yourself must strive. The Buddhas only point the way. - The Buddha
As a water bead on a lotus leaf, as water on a red lily, does not adhere, so the sage does not adhere to the seen, the heard, or the sensed. - The Buddha
One is not called noble who harms living beings. By not harming living beings one is called noble. - The Buddha
All tremble at violence; all fear death. Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill. - The Buddha
May all beings have happy minds. - The Buddha
Speak only endearing speech, speech that is welcomed. Speech, when it brings no evil to others, is a pleasant thing. - The Buddha
Just as a solid rock is not shaken by the storm, even so the wise are not affected by praise or blame. - The Buddha
There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires. - The Buddha
Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent. Whatever's not full makes noise. Whatever is full is quiet. - The Buddha
When watching after yourself, you watch after others. When watching after others, you watch after yourself. - The Buddha
If with a pure mind a person speaks or acts, happiness follows them like a never-departing shadow. - The Buddha
They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation. There is none in the world who is not blamed. - The Buddha
All experiences are preceded by mind, having mind as their master, created by mind. - The Buddha
Better than a thousand useless words is one useful word, upon hearing which one attains peace. - The Buddha
Those who cling to perceptions and views wander the world offending people. - The Buddha
Whoever doesn't flare up at someone who's angry wins a battle hard to win. - The Buddha
The root of suffering is attachment. - The Buddha
Should someone do good, let them do it again and again. They should develop this habit, for the accumulation of goodness brings joy. - The Buddha
Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things. - The Buddha
Radiate boundless love towards the entire world — above, below, and across — unhindered, without ill will, without enmity. - The Buddha
Radiate boundless love towards the entire world… - The Buddha
Should a seeker not find a companion who is better or equal, let them resolutely pursue a solitary course. - The Buddha
Whatever has the nature of arising has the nature of ceasing. - The Buddha
Meditate … do not delay, lest you later regret it. - The Buddha
Should you find a wise critic to point out your faults, follow him as you would a guide to hidden treasure. - The Buddha
I do not dispute with the world; rather it is the world that disputes with me. - The Buddha
Whatever is not yours: let go of it. Your letting go of it will be for your long-term happiness & benefit. - The Buddha
A noble one produces an abundance of merit by having a compassionate mind towards all living beings. - The Buddha
It is in the nature of things that joy arises in a person free from remorse. - The Buddha
Some do not understand that we must die, But those who do realize this settle their quarrels. - The Buddha
Irrigators channel waters; fletchers straighten arrows; carpenters bend wood; the wise master themselves. - The Buddha
Just as a mother would protect her only child with her life, even so let one cultivate a boundless love towards all beings. - The Buddha
As an elephant in the battlefield withstands arrows shot from bows all around, even so shall I endure abuse. - The Buddha
The calmed say that what is well-spoken is best; second, that one should say what is right, not unrighteous; third, what's pleasing, not displeasing; fourth, what is true, not false. - The Buddha
Delight in heedfulness! Guard well your thoughts! - The Buddha
A disciplined mind brings happiness. - The Buddha
Ardently do today what must be done. Who knows? Tomorrow, death comes. - The Buddha
He who can curb his wrath as soon as it arises, as a timely antidote will check snake's venom that so quickly spreads, — such a monk gives up the here and the beyond, just as a serpent sheds its worn-out skin. - The Buddha
The world is afflicted by death and decay. But the wise do not grieve, having realized the nature of the world. - The Buddha
One should train in deeds of merit—generosity, a balanced life, developing a loving mind—that yield long-lasting happiness. - The Buddha
Conquer anger with non-anger. Conquer badness with goodness. Conquer meanness with generosity. Conquer dishonesty with truth. - The Buddha
Let none find fault with others; let none see the omissions and commissions of others. But let one see one's own acts, done and undone. - The Buddha
'All conditioned things are impermanent' — when one sees this with wisdom, one turns away from suffering. - The Buddha
A mind unruffled by the vagaries of fortune, from sorrow freed, from defilements cleansed, from fear liberated — this is the greatest blessing. - The Buddha
A wise person should be urgently moved on occasions that make for urgency. - The Buddha
The thing that is disliked by me is also disliked by others. Since I dislike this thing, how can I inflict it on someone else? - The Buddha
Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world. By non-hatred alone is hatred appeased. This is a law eternal. - The Buddha
'As I am, so are they; as they are, so am I.' Comparing others with oneself, do not kill nor cause others to kill. - The Buddha
We will develop and cultivate the liberation of mind by lovingkindness, make it our vehicle, make it our basis, stabilize it, exercise ourselves in it, and fully perfect it. - The Buddha
Resolutely train yourself to attain peace. - The Buddha
To support mother and father, to cherish partner and children, and to be engaged in peaceful occupation — this is the greatest blessing. - The Buddha
Both formerly and now, it is only suffering that I describe, and the cessation of suffering. - The Buddha
Give, even if you only have a little. - The Buddha
Pitching is the art of instilling fear. - Sandy Koufax
Half the lies they tell about me aren't true. - Yogi Berra
If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead. - Erma Bombeck
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. - Michael Phelps
Just be patient. Let the game come to you. Don't rush. Be quick, but don't hurry. - Earl Monroe
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet. - Bobby Unser
Never complain and never explain. - Benjamin Disraeli
Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play. - Mike Singletary (basketball)
God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure. - Eric Liddell
Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun. - Don Marquis
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time. - Jim Bouton
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime. - Babe Ruth
Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story. - Casey Stengel
Champions keep playing until they get it right. - Billie Jean King
If you're trying to create a company, it's like baking a cake. You have to have all the ingredients in the right proportion. - Elon Musk
To find a man's true character, play golf with him. - P. G. Wodehouse
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be. - Ken Venturi
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, and wear Reebok. - Shaquille O'Neal
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. - Ralph Marston
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats. - Howard H. Aiken
Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose. - Woodrow Wilson
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match. - Mia Hamm
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well. - Jeff Bezos
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer. - Ted Williams
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. - Harriet Beecher Stowe
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage. - Jack Welch
Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work. - Warren Bennis
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today. - Laurence J. Peter
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell
When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge. - Robert Kiyosaki
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star. - W. Clement Stone
You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get. - Michael Phelps
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell. - Confucius
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats. - Howard H. Aiken
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer. - Ted Williams
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. - William James
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. - John F. Kennedy
The fewer rules a coach has, the fewer rules there are for players to break. - John Madden
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door. - Kyle Chandler
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. - Mark Twain
Half the lies they tell about me aren't true. - Yogi Berra
God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure. - Eric Liddell
If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead. - Erma Bombeck
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything. - John Kenneth Galbraith
My motto was always to keep swinging. Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging. - Hank Aaron
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well. - Jeff Bezos
Just be patient. Let the game come to you. Don't rush. Be quick, but don't hurry. - Earl Monroe
Never complain and never explain. - Benjamin Disraeli
Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play. - Mike Singletary (basketball)
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities. - Edward Gibbon
To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less. - André Malraux
Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work. - Warren Bennis
Football is football and talent is talent. But the mindset of your team makes all the difference. - Robert Griffin III
Sports do not build character. They reveal it. - Heywood Broun
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star. - W. Clement Stone
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. - Ralph Marston
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings. - William Blake
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else. - Sam Walton
You don't play against opponents, you play against the game of basketball. - Bob Knight
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference. - Tom Brokaw
Fans don't boo nobodies. - Reggie Jackson (basketball, born 1990)
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. - Elon Musk
I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country. - Thomas Jefferson
Champions keep playing until they get it right. - Billie Jean King
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. - Ayn Rand
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution. - Niccolò Machiavelli
The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling. - Ambrose Bierce
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after. - Henry David Thoreau
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is. - Bob Feller
Winners never quit and quitters never win. - Vince Lombardi
A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be. - Wayne Gretzky
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime. - Babe Ruth
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. - Babe Ruth
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring. - Rogers Hornsby
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity. - Peter Drucker
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts. - Dan Gable
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today. - Laurence J. Peter
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story. - Casey Stengel
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. - Michael Jordan
What other people may find in poetry or art museums, I find in the flight of a good drive. - Arnold Palmer
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best. - Theodore Isaac Rubin
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up. - Muhammad Ali
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting. - George Orwell
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable. - Seneca the Younger
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match. - Mia Hamm
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, and wear Reebok. - Shaquille O'Neal
Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people. - Mary Kay Ash
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time. - Jim Bouton
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be. - Ken Venturi
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. - Harriet Beecher Stowe
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can. - Nikos Kazantzakis
Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the Earth. - Abraham Lincoln
The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next. - Abraham Lincoln
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter. - Winston Churchill
How many legs does a dog have if you call his tail a leg? Four. Saying that a tail is a leg doesn't make it a leg. - Abraham Lincoln
History is written by the victors. - Winston Churchill
If you're going through hell, keep going. - Winston Churchill
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar. - Abraham Lincoln
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope. - Winston Churchill
It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues. - Abraham Lincoln
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice. - Abraham Lincoln
You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean. - Alan Watts
You are that vast thing that you see far, far off with great telescopes. - Alan Watts
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts. - Abraham Lincoln
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. - Winston Churchill
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one? - Abraham Lincoln
I will prepare and some day my chance will come. - Abraham Lincoln
How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god. - Alan Watts
When I do good I feel good, when I do bad I feel bad, and that's my religion. - Abraham Lincoln
But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything. - Alan Watts
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result. - Winston Churchill
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last. - Winston Churchill
And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on. - Alan Watts
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - Winston Churchill
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance. - Alan Watts
The ballot is stronger than the bullet. - Abraham Lincoln
I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is. - Alan Watts
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command. - Alan Watts
The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries. - Winston Churchill
I owe my solitude to other people. - Alan Watts
The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see. - Winston Churchill
Unless one is able to live fully in the present, the future is a hoax. - Alan Watts
If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future. - Winston Churchill
We are masters of the unsaid words, but slaves of those we let slip out. - Winston Churchill
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now. - Alan Watts
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother. - Abraham Lincoln
But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is. - Alan Watts
I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else. - Winston Churchill
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. - Abraham Lincoln
The ego is nothing other than the focus of conscious attention. - Alan Watts
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies. - Winston Churchill
Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning. - Winston Churchill
Russia is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma. - Winston Churchill
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others. - Winston Churchill
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time. - Abraham Lincoln
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. - Winston Churchill
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right. - Abraham Lincoln
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong. - Abraham Lincoln
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. - Abraham Lincoln
I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals. - Winston Churchill
So then, the relationship of self to other is the complete realization that loving yourself is impossible without loving everything defined as other than yourself. - Alan Watts
You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you. - Alan Watts
Things are as they are. Looking out into it the universe at night, we make no comparisons between right and wrong stars, nor between well and badly arranged constellations. - Alan Watts
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth. - Alan Watts
You can always count on Americans to do the right thing - after they've tried everything else. - Winston Churchill
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution. - Abraham Lincoln
But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be. - Alan Watts
We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain. - Alan Watts
It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary. - Winston Churchill
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is. - Winston Churchill
To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float. - Alan Watts
Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe. - Alan Watts
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught. - Winston Churchill
Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you are right. - Henry Ford
In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists. - Eric Hoffer
There's power in looking silly and not caring that you do. - Amy Poehler
The biggest room in the world is room for improvement. - Helmut Schmidt
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning. - Larry Page
The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can. - Neil Gaiman
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men. - Confucius
With age comes wisdom and a high sex drive. And the wisdom to enjoy it. - Amber Valletta
You can't blame gravity for falling in love. - Albert Einstein
The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing. - Winifred Holtby
Make it your habit not to be critical about small things. - Edward Everett Hale
Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used. - Elbert Hubbard
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it. - Carl Jung
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you. - Julie Morgenstern
When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective. - George Marshall
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth. - Chanakya
Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do. - Thomas Jefferson
You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims. - Harriet Woods
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom. - Francis Bacon
Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom. - Francis Bacon
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still. - Laozi
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it. - Confucius
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer. - Ed Cunningham
Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings. - Jean de La Bruyère
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. - Swami Vivekananda
Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer. - Ed Cunningham
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them. - Epictetus
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. - Albert Einstein
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it. - M. Scott Peck
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds. - John F. Kennedy
Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity. - Mortimer J. Adler
Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue. - Edith Wharton
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round. - William Shakespeare
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours. - Richard Bach
Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Mistakes are the usual bridge between inexperience and wisdom. - Phyllis Grissim-Theroux
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood. - Seneca the Younger
Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated? - David Bader
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment. - Will Rogers
Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself. - Kahlil Gibran
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions. - Leonardo da Vinci
A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else. - Jean François Paul de Gondi
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened. - Laozi
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has. - Margaret Mead
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration. - Ansel Adams
Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind. - Napoleon Hill
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler. - Denis Waitley
Nothing will work unless you do. - Maya Angelou
The beginning is always today. - Mary Wollstonecraft
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities. - Maya Angelou
We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely. - Frank Abagnale
The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure. - William Blake
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway. - Elbert Hubbard
When an opponent comes forward, move in and greet him; if he wants to pull back, send him on his way. - Morihei Ueshiba
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing. - Abraham Lincoln
One should not hurt others if one loves oneself. - The Buddha
If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum. - Holly Near
A friend is, as it were, a second self. - Cicero
Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom. - Theodore Isaac Rubin
What worries you masters you. - Haddon Robinson
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear? - Confucius
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success. - Elbert Hubbard
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly. - Henri Bergson
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. - Harriet Tubman
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it. - Karl Menninger
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world. - Judy Collins
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey. - Kenji Miyazawa
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been. - Mark Twain
Drop by drop is the water pot filled. Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good. - The Buddha
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things. - Leonardo da Vinci
Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship. - Epicurus
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it. - Andy Rooney
Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul. - Democritus
The day of fortune is like a harvest day, we must be busy when the corn is ripe. - Torquato Tasso
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself. - Leo Tolstoy
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind. - Kahlil Gibran
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important. - Arthur Conan Doyle
Our distrust is very expensive. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it. - Hubert Humphrey
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend. - Henri Bergson
With the realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world. - Dalai Lama
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it. - Douglas MacArthur
Study the past, if you would divine the future. - Confucius
Wherever you go, go with all your heart. - Confucius
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best. - Marilyn Monroe
He who is taught to live upon little owes more to his father's wisdom than he who has a great deal left him does to his father's care. - William C. Menninger
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
We live in a society bloated with data yet starved for wisdom. We're connected 24/7, yet anxiety, fear, depression and loneliness are at an all-time high. We must course-correct. - Elizabeth Kapu'uwailani Lindsey
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. - Edward Everett Hale
That's the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along. - Lisa Alther
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade. - Leo Buscaglia
Love is a serious mental disease. - Plato
Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear. - Pat Riley
To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there. - Richard Bach
The friendship that can cease has never been real. - Jerome
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds. - Will Durant
Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games. - Babe Ruth
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. - Willa Cather
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you. - Paramahansa Yogananda
Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing. - Tony Blair
We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit. - Albert Schweitzer
If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow. - Rachel Carson
Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom. - Bodhidharma
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life. - James Freeman Clarke
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude. - Ralph Marston
There is no failure except in no longer trying. - Elbert Hubbard
One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility. - Albert Einstein
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine. - Bruce Lee
We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel. - Marcia Fudge
Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party. - Hanya Yanagihara
Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. - Napoleon
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job. - Laurence J. Peter
A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love. - Basil of Caesarea
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know. - Pema Chödrön
Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship. - Francis de Sales
Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes. - Napoleon Hill
There is no greater harm than that of time wasted. - Michelangelo
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire. - François de La Rochefoucauld
I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing. - Michel de Montaigne
As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others. - Nelson Mandela
If you want to go east, don't go west. - Ramakrishna
Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork. - Sam Ewing
The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares. - Henri Nouwen
You teach best what you most need to learn. - Richard Bach
We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life. - Edwin Markham
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things. - Peter Drucker
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. - Mahatma Gandhi
It is the neglect of timely repair that makes rebuilding necessary. - Richard Whately
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. - Woody Allen
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace. - The Buddha
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points. - Confucius
Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without. - Henry David Thoreau
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavors to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours. - Henry David Thoreau
Every friendship is different because everyone's personality is different. - Nargis Fakhri
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you. - Janet Jackson
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence. - Publilius Syrus
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. - Aristotle
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. - Frank Lloyd Wright
The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of. - Charles Henry Parkhurst
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best. - Henry van Dyke Jr.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. - Kahlil Gibran
It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well. - René Descartes
If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else. - Laurence J. Peter
If there is no struggle, there is no progress. - Frederick Douglass
The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all. - Erasmus
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts. - Booker T. Washington
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. - Tony Robbins
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - Bernard Shaw
A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience. - Elbert Hubbard
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same. - Carlos Castaneda
The cautious seldom err. - Confucius
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity. - Calvin Coolidge
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself. - Napoleon Hill
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back? - W. Clement Stone
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom. - Plato
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach. - Tony Robbins
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. - Mahatma Gandhi
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others. - Dalai Lama
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation. - George Washington
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. - Albert Camus
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one. - Eleanor Roosevelt
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it. - Michael Jordan
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. - Barack Obama
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him. - Laozi
We make our own fortunes and we call them fate. - Benjamin Disraeli
What makes Superman a hero is not that he has power, but that he has the wisdom and the maturity to use the power wisely. From an acting point of view, that's how I approached the part. - Christopher Reeve
Never mistake motion for action. - Ernest Hemingway
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet. - Robert Schuller
Life is what happens while you are making other plans. - John Lennon
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. - Kahlil Gibran
Technology is a word that describes something that doesn't work yet. - Douglas Adams
The human spirit must prevail over technology. - Albert Einstein
He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own. - Confucius
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible. - Maya Angelou
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine. - Morris West
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with. - Wayne Dyer
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you. - John Wooden
I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done. - Lucille Ball
Friends are the siblings God never gave us. - Mencius
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. - Confucius
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness. - Euripides
The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it. - Ayn Rand
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all. - Edward de Bono
You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. - Yogi Berra
Friendship is Love without his wings! - Lord Byron
God has given you one face, and you make yourself another. - William Shakespeare
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness. - Dalai Lama
We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing. - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
You win the victory when you yield to friends. - Sophocles
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries. - A. A. Milne
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder. - G. K. Chesterton
Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do. - Amelia Earhart
If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever. - Woody Allen
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. - Helen Keller
Technology has to be invented or adopted. - Jared Diamond
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
America's freedom of religion, and freedom from religion, offers every wisdom tradition an opportunity to address our soul-deep needs: Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, secular humanism, agnosticism and atheism among others. - Parker Palmer
I love wisdom. And you can never be great at anything unless you love it. Not be in love with it, but love the thing, admire the thing. And it seems that if you love the thing, and you don't just want to possess it, it will find you. - Maya Angelou
It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen. - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round. - Ben Hogan
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it. - Toni Morrison
One today is worth two tomorrows. - Benjamin Franklin
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant. - Tony Robbins
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. - George Bernard Shaw
It always seems impossible until it's done. - Nelson Mandela
The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself. - Oscar Wilde
The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah. - Afrika Bambaataa
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, can never know what true friendship means. - Charles Kingsley
He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose. - Jim Elliot
All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted. - Teresa of Ávila
Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him. - Aldous Huxley
A man is not old as long as he is seeking something. - Edmond Rostand
I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel. - Elizabeth Arden
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. - John F. Kennedy
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you. - Aldous Huxley
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world. - Leo Buscaglia
I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential. - Dalai Lama
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others. - Cicero
It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success. - Havelock Ellis
If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves. - Thomas Edison
Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness. - Dag Hammarskjöld
Sustaining true friendship is a lot more challenging than we give it credit for. - Mariella Frostrup
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character. - Margaret Chase Smith
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can. - Bernard Shaw
Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself. - Oprah Winfrey
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love. - Laozi
A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them. - John C. Maxwell
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered. - Nelson Mandela
Of all possessions a friend is the most precious. - Herodotus
The problem with Google is you have 360 degrees of omnidirectional information on a linear basis, but the algorithms for irony and ambiguity are not there. And those are the algorithms of wisdom. - William Hurt
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy. - Thích Nhất Hạnh
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know. - William Saroyan
A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably. - William C. Menninger
First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination. - Napoleon Hill
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves. - William Arthur Ward
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. - Robert Frost
The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction. - Eckhart Tolle
Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances. - Martha Washington
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur. - Vince Lombardi
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others. - Plato
In the sky there are no tracks. Outside there is no recluse. There are no conditioned things that are eternal. There is no instability in the Buddhas. - The Buddha
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others. - Tony Robbins
It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn. - Hannah More
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious. - Thomas Aquinas
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight. - Marcus Aurelius
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless. - Pema Chödrön
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving. - Albert Einstein
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do. - Benjamin Spock
So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being. - Henri-Frédéric Amiel
May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers. - Thích Nhất Hạnh
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning. - Ivy Baker Priest
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are. - Bernice Reagon
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. - Milton Berle
True wisdom is less presuming than folly. The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind; the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not; he knoweth all things but his own ignorance. - Akhenaten
Love doesn't make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile. - Elizabeth Browning
Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose. - Richard Bach
We are all something, but none of us are everything. - Blaise Pascal
Whatever happens, take responsibility. - Tony Robbins
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. - Francis Bacon
The most successful people are those who are good at plan B. - James A. Yorke
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. - Pablo Picasso
Change in all things is sweet. - Aristotle
We can do no great things, only small things with great love. - Mother Teresa
You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present. - Eckhart Tolle
Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does. - Jane Austen
The world is round so that friendship may encircle it. - Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
Life is a progress, and not a station. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible. - Hannah Arendt
Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity. - Seneca the Younger
The years teach much which the days never know. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. - Henry Ford
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration. - Thomas Edison
He who knows himself is enlightened. - Laozi
Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement. - Alfred Adler
I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say. - Calvin Coolidge
A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right. - Thomas Paine
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. ‘Til your good is better and your better is best. - Jerome
Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith. - Gordon Hinckley
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind. - Leonardo da Vinci
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance. - Benjamin Franklin
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it. - Jean-Paul Sartre
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy. - Arthur Ashe
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars. - Henry van Dyke Jr.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be. - Socrates
Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it. - Tom Lehrer
Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them. - John Updike
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend. - Henry David Thoreau
Love and friendship exclude each other. - Jean de La Bruyère
To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else. - Dalai Lama
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. - George S. Patton
Do not scorn what you have received, nor envy the gains of others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind. - The Buddha
As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be. - Saul Alinsky
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance. - Jean Antoine Petit-Senn
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand. - Frank Herbert
Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings. - Arthur Rubinstein
Either you run the day or the day runs you. - Jim Rohn
If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing. - Margaret Thatcher
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it. - Bruce Lee
Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend. - Friedrich Nietzsche
The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of. - Blaise Pascal
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself. - Henry Reed
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique. - Walt Disney
On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, in every rill a sweet instruction flows. - Edward Young
No garden is without its weeds. - Thomas Fuller
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. - William Blake
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be. - Bruce Lee
Much though he recites the sacred texts, but acts not accordingly, that heedless man is like a cowherd who only counts the cows of others - The Buddha
Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Well begun is half done. - Aristotle
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
By oneself is evil done; by oneself is one defiled. By oneself is evil left undone; by oneself is one made pure. - The Buddha
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty. - Doris Day
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing. - Martin Luther King Jr.
A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow. - Charlotte Brontë
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. - Laozi
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back. - Seneca the Younger
No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today. - Brendan Behan
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. - William Shakespeare
The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for. - Oscar Wilde
A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend. - Henry David Thoreau
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand. - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time. - Abraham Lincoln
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues. - Abigail Adams
The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being. - Jane Wyman
The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger. - Michelle Obama
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. - Mother Teresa
Never accept ultimatums, conventional wisdom, or absolutes. - Christopher Reeve
The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be. - Bruce Lee
Much though he recites the sacred texts, but acts not accordingly, that heedless man is like a cowherd who only counts the cows of others - The Buddha
Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has. - Josh Billings
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun. - Chuck Swindoll
Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today. - Thomas Jefferson
You always succeed in producing a result. - Tony Robbins
To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself. - Søren Kierkegaard
Happiness can exist only in acceptance. - George Orwell
The only way to have a friend is to be one. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto. - W. Clement Stone
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information? - George Eliot
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend. - Thomas Jefferson
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you. - Richard Bach
First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII — and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure. - Douglas Adams
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe. - Laozi
If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think. - Oprah Winfrey
It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law. - Thomas Hobbes
Love has no age, no limit; and no death. - John Galsworthy
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody. - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment. - Elbert Hubbard
Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you. - Henri-Frédéric Amiel
Everything you can imagine is real. - Pablo Picasso
We lost because we told ourselves we lost. - Leo Tolstoy
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence. - Leonardo da Vinci
The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it. - Norman Schwarzkopf
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well. - Voltaire
I allow my intuition to lead my path. - Manuel Puig
I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time. - Victoria Osteen
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity. - Publilius Syrus
No party has a monopoly on wisdom. No democracy works without compromise. - Barack Obama
Whoso loves, believes the impossible. - Elizabeth Browning
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich. - Muhammad Ali
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us. - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence. - Laozi
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions. - Naguib Mahfouz
Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life. - Seneca the Younger
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. - Dale Carnegie
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures. - Henry Ward Beecher
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it. - Thomas Jefferson
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom. - Robert Frost
Get busy living or get busy dying. - Stephen King
The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove oneself a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed. - Nathaniel Hawthorne
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. - Carol Burnett
The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned. - Seneca the Younger
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. - Abraham Lincoln
Arriving at one point is the starting point to another. - John Dewey
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all. - Augustine of Hippo
Let my skin and sinews and bones dry up, together with all the flesh and blood of my body! I welcome it! But I will not move from this spot until I have attained the supreme and final wisdom. - The Buddha
The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose. - Dale Earnhardt
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns. - Bruce Lee
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be. - Thomas Jefferson
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves. - Laozi
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence. - Frederick Douglass
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius. - Arthur Conan Doyle
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly. - Richard Bach
Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship. - Benjamin Franklin
Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's. - Billy Wilder
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now. - Napoleon Hill
How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world. - William Shakespeare
It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them. - Epictetus
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love. - Jane Austen
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action. - John Dewey
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power. - Seneca the Younger
If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything. - Thích Nhất Hạnh
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair. - Samuel Johnson
Only do what your heart tells you. - Princess Diana
The great myth of our times is that technology is communication. - Libby Larsen
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by. - Lucille Ball
O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive! - Walter Scott
Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life. - James F. Byrnes
It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains. - Danilo Dolci
It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn. - Robert Southey
We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice. - Sogyal Rinpoche
Once you choose hope, anything's possible. - Christopher Reeve
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were. - David Rockefeller
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts. - William Shakespeare
We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works. - Douglas Adams
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age. - Anaïs Nin
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward. - Amelia Earhart
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. - Henry Ford
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe. - Dalai Lama
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records. - William Arthur Ward
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done. - Bruce Lee
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. - John Locke
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little. - Cheng Yen
You'll see it when you believe it. - Wayne Dyer
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts. - John Locke
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. - John F. Kennedy
Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself. - Oprah Winfrey
There is nothing impossible to him who will try. - Alexander the Great
Skill to do comes of doing. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Technology is the campfire around which we tell our stories. - Laurie Anderson
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous. - Aristotle
Absence makes the heart grow fonder. - Thomas Haynes Bayly
I'll prepare and someday my chance will come. - Abraham Lincoln
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done. - Lucille Ball
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving. - John Dewey
Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck. - Og Mandino
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet. - Joseph Joubert
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance. - Henry David Thoreau
The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion. - Thomas Paine
You cannot have what you do not want. - John Acosta
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas Edison
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. - Jim Rohn
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children. - Kahlil Gibran
TV and the Internet are good because they keep stupid people from spending too much time out in public. - Douglas Coupland
Nature takes away any faculty that is not used. - William Inge
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned. - Charles W. Chesnutt
Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter. - Charles Lindbergh
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle. - Anaïs Nin
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do. - Epictetus
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. - Benjamin Disraeli
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else. - Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however. - Richard Bach
Be the change that you want to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words. - Cicero
The word philosophy sounds high-minded, but it simply means the love of wisdom. If you love something, you don't just read about it; you hug it, you mess with it, you play with it, you argue with it. - Hugh Jackman
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself. - Thích Nhất Hạnh
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. - Nelson Mandela
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. - Nelson Mandela
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. - Mother Teresa
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice. - Richard Bach
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous. - Confucius
A house divided against itself cannot stand. - Abraham Lincoln
You give before you get. - Napoleon Hill
Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others. - Wayne Dyer
If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness. - Vusi Mahlasela
You should ignore that person’s impure behavior by way of speech and body, and focus on the fact that they get an openness and clarity of heart from time to time. That’s how to get rid of resentment for that person. - The Buddha
Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes. - Carl Jung
Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations. - Leo Buscaglia
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. - Nelson Mandela
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration. - Niccolò Machiavelli
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself. - Thích Nhất Hạnh
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, but they also undermine our health. - Dalai Lama
No man was ever wise by chance. - Seneca the Younger
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak. - Thomas Carlyle
A house divided against itself cannot stand. - Abraham Lincoln
Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous. - Confucius
Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. - George S. Patton
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose. - Eknath Easwaran
Silence is deep as Eternity; Speech is shallow as Time. - Thomas Carlyle
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart. - Jane Austen
The pine stays green in winter... wisdom in hardship. - Norman Douglas
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. - Oscar Wilde
A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself. - May Sarton
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless. - Caroline Myss
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else. - John Keats
Friendship brings in a lot of honesty and trust into any relationship, especially a marriage. - Farhan Akhtar
Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level. - Joyce Brothers
In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge. - François de La Rochefoucauld
I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific. - Lily Tomlin
They can do all because they think they can. - Virgil
This is why I loved technology: if you used it right, it could give you power and privacy. - Cory Doctorow
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination. - John Lennon
There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool. - Francis Bacon
Friendships are the family we make - not the one we inherit. I've always been someone to whom friendship, elective affinities, is as important as family. - Salman Rushdie
We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated. - Maya Angelou
In romance, we feel the need to zoom in and expound on our partner's foibles in intimate detail; in friendship, we tend to do the opposite, avoiding confrontation through fear, lethargy or both. - Mariella Frostrup
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you. - Eckhart Tolle
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly. - Epictetus
Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. - Alexander Pope
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act. - G. K. Chesterton
A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. - John C. Maxwell
Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom. - Sam Walton
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them. - William Shakespeare
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit. - Elbert Hubbard
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of. - Benjamin Franklin
The final wisdom of life requires not the annulment of incongruity but the achievement of serenity within and above it. - Reinhold Niebuhr
If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. - Dalai Lama
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad. - Brian O'Driscoll
If you aren't going all the way, why go at all? - Joe Namath
Faith in oneself is the best and safest course. - Michelangelo
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens. - Ellen Glasgow
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them. - Steve Jobs
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us. - Marcel Proust
Love demands infinitely less than friendship. - George Jean Nathan
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly. - Voltaire
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick. - Bruce Lee
Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil. - Baltasar Gracián
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do. - Molière
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. - Thomas Jefferson
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darkness of other people. - Carl Jung
Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom. - Anatole France
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak. - Epictetus
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe. - Winston Churchill
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf. - Albert Schweitzer
The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I, too, do not envision a doctrine of self the clinging to which there would not arise sorrow, lamentation, pain, grief, and despair. - The Buddha
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives. - Vince Lombardi
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one. - Oscar Wilde
I don't turn to greeting cards for wisdom and advice, but they are a fine reflection of the general drift of the culture. - Susan Orlean
I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better. - Henry David Thoreau
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you. - Laozi
Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt. - Jane Addams
We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them. - Kahlil Gibran
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly. - Epictetus
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience. - Robert Fulghum
The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going. - Epictetus
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people. - Daisaku Ikeda
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind. - Leonardo da Vinci
A short saying often contains much wisdom. - Sophocles
Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom. - Plato
I have learned that friendship isn't about who you've known the longest, it's about who came and never left your side. - Yolanda Hadid
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart. - Nelson Mandela
I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being. - Confucius
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art. - John Lasseter
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Patience is the companion of wisdom. - Augustine of Hippo
God always takes the simplest way. - Albert Einstein
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. - Albert Einstein
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. - Laozi
All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope. - Alexandre Dumas
If you seek truth, you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible. - Epictetus
Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. - Benjamin Franklin
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. - Confucius
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best. - Margaret Thatcher
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world. - Blaise Pascal
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. - Dr. Seuss
A friend is what the heart needs all the time. - Henry van Dyke Jr.
Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom. - Charles Spurgeon
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground. - Theodore Roosevelt
We aim above the mark to hit the mark. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you. - Satchel Paige
There never was a good knife made of bad steel. - Benjamin Franklin
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind. - Bruce Lee
Once you label me you negate me. - Søren Kierkegaard
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone. - Audrey Hepburn
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless. - Thomas Edison
Don’t sacrifice your own welfare for that of another, no matter how great. Realizing your own true welfare, be intent on just that. - The Buddha
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends. - Richard Bach
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart. - Charles Dickens
Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!' - Bill Bradley
If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable. - Seneca the Younger
Happiness depends upon ourselves. - Aristotle
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. - Pablo Picasso
Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise? - Confucius
Learning never exhausts the mind. - Leonardo da Vinci
To be great is to be misunderstood. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Character develops itself in the stream of life. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star. - Friedrich Nietzsche
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises. - Demosthenes
A goal without a plan is just a wish. - Larry Elder
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life. - Immanuel Kant
We gain the strength of the temptation we resist. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought. - Jonathan Swift
The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream. - Harry Kemp
The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
A friend to all is a friend to none. - Aristotle
It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover. - Henri Poincaré
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery. - Anaïs Nin
Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception. - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night. - William Blake
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins. - Jim Rohn
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. - Mother Teresa
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. - Epictetus
He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat. - Napoleon
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude. - Zig Ziglar
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy. - Laozi
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do. - Kahlil Gibran
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress. - Barack Obama
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather. - John Ruskin
When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt. - Honoré de Balzac
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be - Abraham Lincoln
Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun. - Kahlil Gibran
